README.md, before:

Dart package for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles.

Puzzles with dimensions 4, 9, 16 and 25 are supported. The dimensions are the
number of positions on each group of the puzzle.

The most usual (and default) dimension, 9, generates puzzles composed of 9
3x3 groups. Each group will have 9 positions to be filled by numbers from 1 to 9.

Similarly, puzzles with dimension 16 will be composed of 16 4x4 groups. Each
group has 16 positions to be filled by numbers from 1 to 16.

At least for now, the `PuzzleDifficulty` enumeration only influences the number
of empty positions in generated puzzles of dimensions 4 and 9. For bigger
puzzles, if the number of empty positions isn't limited to a ceiling value
(currently 81), the time to generate a single puzzle tends to become too long
(in the order of several minutes).

## Tests

Unit tests are available for the `board`, `generator`, and `solver` libraries.

Use either `dart test` or `flutter test` to run the tests.

## Example

An usage example for the package:

```dart

import 'package:fludoku/fludoku.dart';

void main() {
  var board = Board();
  board.setAt(row: 0, col: 0, value: 4);
  board.setAt(row: 3, col: 1, value: 6);
  try {
    board.setAt(row: 1, col: 2, value: 4);
  } on ArgumentError catch (e) {
    print('Exception: $e');
  }
  final valueSet = board.trySetAt(row: 1, col: 2, value: 4);
  assert(valueSet == false);
  print('board:\n$board\n');

  final (smallPuzzle, _) =
      generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.hard, dimension: 4);
  if (smallPuzzle != null) {
    print("Small puzzle:\n$smallPuzzle\n");
    var smallPuzzleSolution = findSolutions(smallPuzzle);
    print("Small puzzle solution:\n$smallPuzzleSolution\n");
  }

  final (puzzle, _) = generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.hard, dimension: 9);
  if (puzzle != null) {
    print("Puzzle:\n$puzzle\n");
    var puzzleSolution = findSolutions(puzzle);
    print("Puzzle solution:\n$puzzleSolution\n");
  }

  final (bigPuzzle, _) =
      generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.medium, dimension: 16);
  if (bigPuzzle != null) {
    print("Big puzzle:\n$bigPuzzle\n");
    var bigPuzzleSolution = findSolutions(bigPuzzle);
    print("Big puzzle solution:\n$bigPuzzleSolution\n");
  }
}

```

The output of the example program:

```
❯ dart run example/fludoku_example.dart
Exception: Invalid argument(s): Cannot set (1, 2) to "4" as it would invalidate the board
board:

 4  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


 -  6  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


Small puzzle:

 3  4    1  -
 1  -    -  -


 -  -    -  1
 -  -    4  -


Small puzzle solution:
[
 3  4    1  2
 1  2    3  4


 4  3    2  1
 2  1    4  3
]

Puzzle:

 -  8  2    4  9  6    -  -  -
 3  -  -    1  -  -    -  -  6
 -  -  -    -  -  2    -  1  -


 8  3  -    -  -  -    5  2  -
 -  -  -    2  -  -    1  3  8
 2  7  5    -  -  -    4  -  9


 4  -  7    6  -  5    -  -  1
 5  -  -    -  -  -    6  4  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  5


Puzzle solution:
[
 1  8  2    4  9  6    7  5  3
 3  5  4    1  7  8    2  9  6
 7  6  9    5  3  2    8  1  4


 8  3  1    9  6  4    5  2  7
 9  4  6    2  5  7    1  3  8
 2  7  5    8  1  3    4  6  9


 4  9  7    6  2  5    3  8  1
 5  1  3    7  8  9    6  4  2
 6  2  8    3  4  1    9  7  5
]

Big puzzle:

 8 12 15  3    9 11 13  1    6  - 10  7    -  5  -  4
 - 11 13  1   14 12  -  3    8  5 16  4    6  - 10  7
 6  2 10  -    -  5  -  4    - 12 15  3    9 11 13  -
 -  -  -  -    6  2 10  7    - 11 13  -    -  - 15  3


12 14  3  -    -  9  1  -    -  -  7 10    -  -  - 16
11  9  1  -   15 14 12  -    5  8  - 16    3 10  -  2
 -  6  - 10    5  8  - 16   12 14  3  -    -  9  1 13
 -  8  4  -    3 10  -  2   11  -  1 13   12 14  6 15


15  - 14  9   12 13  - 10    1  7  -  2    -  4  8  5
 -  - 12  -    2  - 14  9   16  4  8  5   10  7  3  6
 -  -  -  8    -  4  3  5   15 13  - 12    2  1  9 11
16  -  2  5    -  7  -  8    - 10  - 11    - 13 14 12


 3 15  -  -    -  1  - 12    7 16 11  8    4  -  5 10
 - 13 11  -    -  3  9  -    4  -  5  6    7 16  2  8
 7 10  8  6    4  -  - 11   13  3  2  -    1 15  -  -
 4 16  -  2    7  6  8  -   10  1  -  9   13  - 11 14


Big puzzle solution:
[
 8 12 15  3    9 11 13  1    6  2 10  7   14  5 16  4
 9 11 13  1   14 12 15  3    8  5 16  4    6  2 10  7
 6  2 10  7    8  5 16  4   14 12 15  3    9 11 13  1
14  5 16  4    6  2 10  7    9 11 13  1    8 12 15  3


12 14  3 15   11  9  1 13    2  6  7 10    5  8  4 16
11  9  1 13   15 14 12  6    5  8  4 16    3 10  7  2
 2  6  7 10    5  8  4 16   12 14  3 15   11  9  1 13
 5  8  4 16    3 10  7  2   11  9  1 13   12 14  6 15


15  3 14  9   12 13 11 10    1  7  6  2   16  4  8  5
13  1 12 11    2 15 14  9   16  4  8  5   10  7  3  6
10  7  6  8   16  4  3  5   15 13 14 12    2  1  9 11
16  4  2  5    1  7  6  8    3 10  9 11   15 13 14 12


 3 15  9 14   13  1  2 12    7 16 11  8    4  6  5 10
 1 13 11 12   10  3  9 14    4 15  5  6    7 16  2  8
 7 10  8  6    4 16  5 11   13  3  2 14    1 15 12  9
 4 16  5  2    7  6  8 15   10  1 12  9   13  3 11 14
]


fludoku on  main [!+⇡] is 󰏗 v1.0.0 via  v3.5.3 took 13s
❯
```

Commit message:

More accurate name for puzzle generation function and proper differentiation between board and puzzle in the documentation.

README.md, after:

Dart package for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles - Sudoku boards that have
only one solutions.

Boards with dimensions 4, 9, 16 and 25 are supported. The dimensions are the
number of positions on each group of the board.

The most usual (and default) dimension, 9, generates boards composed of 9
3x3 groups. Each group will have 9 positions fillable with numbers from 1 to 9.

Similarly, boards with dimension 16 will be composed of 16 4x4 groups. Each
group has 16 positions to be filled by numbers from 1 to 16.

The generation of Sudoku puzzles of dimensions 16 and 25, specially when
`PuzzleDifficulty` is set to `medium` or `high`, can be a lenghty process, taking
several minutes (or even hours). A timeout argument, in seconds, can be thus
specified to the `generateSudokuPuzzle` function. The default timeout is 15 seconds.

## Tests

Unit tests are available for the `board`, `generator`, and `solver` libraries.

Use either `dart test` or `flutter test` to run the tests.

## Example

An usage example for the package:

```dart

import 'package:fludoku/fludoku.dart';

void main() {
  var board = Board();
  board.setAt(row: 0, col: 0, value: 4);
  board.setAt(row: 3, col: 1, value: 6);
  try {
    board.setAt(row: 1, col: 2, value: 4);
  } on ArgumentError catch (e) {
    print('Exception: $e');
  }
  final valueSet = board.trySetAt(row: 1, col: 2, value: 4);
  assert(valueSet == false);
  print('board:\n$board\n');

  final (smallPuzzle, _) =
      generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.hard, dimension: 4);
  if (smallPuzzle != null) {
    print("Small puzzle:\n$smallPuzzle\n");
    var smallPuzzleSolution = findSolutions(smallPuzzle);
    print("Small puzzle solution:\n$smallPuzzleSolution\n");
  }

  final (puzzle, _) = generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.hard, dimension: 9);
  if (puzzle != null) {
    print("Puzzle:\n$puzzle\n");
    var puzzleSolution = findSolutions(puzzle);
    print("Puzzle solution:\n$puzzleSolution\n");
  }

  final (bigPuzzle, _) =
      generateBoard(level: PuzzleDifficulty.medium, dimension: 16);
  if (bigPuzzle != null) {
    print("Big puzzle:\n$bigPuzzle\n");
    var bigPuzzleSolution = findSolutions(bigPuzzle);
    print("Big puzzle solution:\n$bigPuzzleSolution\n");
  }
}

```

The output of the example program:

```
❯ dart run example/fludoku_example.dart
Exception: Invalid argument(s): Cannot set (1, 2) to "4" as it would invalidate the board
board:

 4  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


 -  6  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  -


Small puzzle:

 3  4    1  -
 1  -    -  -


 -  -    -  1
 -  -    4  -


Small puzzle solution:
[
 3  4    1  2
 1  2    3  4


 4  3    2  1
 2  1    4  3
]

Puzzle:

 -  8  2    4  9  6    -  -  -
 3  -  -    1  -  -    -  -  6
 -  -  -    -  -  2    -  1  -


 8  3  -    -  -  -    5  2  -
 -  -  -    2  -  -    1  3  8
 2  7  5    -  -  -    4  -  9


 4  -  7    6  -  5    -  -  1
 5  -  -    -  -  -    6  4  -
 -  -  -    -  -  -    -  -  5


Puzzle solution:
[
 1  8  2    4  9  6    7  5  3
 3  5  4    1  7  8    2  9  6
 7  6  9    5  3  2    8  1  4


 8  3  1    9  6  4    5  2  7
 9  4  6    2  5  7    1  3  8
 2  7  5    8  1  3    4  6  9


 4  9  7    6  2  5    3  8  1
 5  1  3    7  8  9    6  4  2
 6  2  8    3  4  1    9  7  5
]

Big puzzle:

 8 12 15  3    9 11 13  1    6  - 10  7    -  5  -  4
 - 11 13  1   14 12  -  3    8  5 16  4    6  - 10  7
 6  2 10  -    -  5  -  4    - 12 15  3    9 11 13  -
 -  -  -  -    6  2 10  7    - 11 13  -    -  - 15  3


12 14  3  -    -  9  1  -    -  -  7 10    -  -  - 16
11  9  1  -   15 14 12  -    5  8  - 16    3 10  -  2
 -  6  - 10    5  8  - 16   12 14  3  -    -  9  1 13
 -  8  4  -    3 10  -  2   11  -  1 13   12 14  6 15


15  - 14  9   12 13  - 10    1  7  -  2    -  4  8  5
 -  - 12  -    2  - 14  9   16  4  8  5   10  7  3  6
 -  -  -  8    -  4  3  5   15 13  - 12    2  1  9 11
16  -  2  5    -  7  -  8    - 10  - 11    - 13 14 12


 3 15  -  -    -  1  - 12    7 16 11  8    4  -  5 10
 - 13 11  -    -  3  9  -    4  -  5  6    7 16  2  8
 7 10  8  6    4  -  - 11   13  3  2  -    1 15  -  -
 4 16  -  2    7  6  8  -   10  1  -  9   13  - 11 14


Big puzzle solution:
[
 8 12 15  3    9 11 13  1    6  2 10  7   14  5 16  4
 9 11 13  1   14 12 15  3    8  5 16  4    6  2 10  7
 6  2 10  7    8  5 16  4   14 12 15  3    9 11 13  1
14  5 16  4    6  2 10  7    9 11 13  1    8 12 15  3


12 14  3 15   11  9  1 13    2  6  7 10    5  8  4 16
11  9  1 13   15 14 12  6    5  8  4 16    3 10  7  2
 2  6  7 10    5  8  4 16   12 14  3 15   11  9  1 13
 5  8  4 16    3 10  7  2   11  9  1 13   12 14  6 15


15  3 14  9   12 13 11 10    1  7  6  2   16  4  8  5
13  1 12 11    2 15 14  9   16  4  8  5   10  7  3  6
10  7  6  8   16  4  3  5   15 13 14 12    2  1  9 11
16  4  2  5    1  7  6  8    3 10  9 11   15 13 14 12


 3 15  9 14   13  1  2 12    7 16 11  8    4  6  5 10
 1 13 11 12   10  3  9 14    4 15  5  6    7 16  2  8
 7 10  8  6    4 16  5 11   13  3  2 14    1 15 12  9
 4 16  5  2    7  6  8 15   10  1 12  9   13  3 11 14
]


fludoku on  main [!+⇡] is 󰏗 v1.0.0 via  v3.5.3 took 13s
❯
```
